:memo: Marked interactive prop on stepper-wrapper as deprecated (#4007)
navikt/Designsystemet: .changeset/eight-friends-yell.md

---
"@navikt/ds-react": minor
---

> Stepper: Mark `interactive`-prop as deprecated. For compeltely static 'Steppers', use the new `Process`-component.

Reviewer: I don't think we should assume that all static steppers should be replaced with Process. [Here](https://github.com/navikt/meldekort-frontend/blob/main/app/components/innsending/Innsending.tsx) is an example.

```suggestion
Stepper: Mark `interactive`-prop as deprecated. For completely static 'Steppers', consider using the new `Process`-component.
```
